I feel bad everytime a critic or friend bashes twilight. I just turn red and i feel all warm like a werewolf. I am so protective of the series that i spend my time quarreling with them and commenting on twillight posts especially in EW. I literally write drafts of how this certain scene should be.
I read twilight and hated it after a few pages. I have never been a relationship and thought this was just cheesy. Then my sister literally forced me to sit down in front of the computer to read an ebook we downloaded of it. I was stuck literally and figuratively after.
I already have my kids names picked out and they all have to deal with Twilight. Except I can’t name my little girl Bella because my sister already claimed that name for her daughter. So i’ve decided to go with Kristen after KStew. : ) I’m hoping my kids sparkle.
For the midnight premeire of New Moon, I dressed as Bella, dressed my boyfriend as Edward, my best friend as Jacob, and my other friend and her boyfriend as Heidi and Alec.. My boyfriend and my best friend now have a group of fan-girls. 
I am 59, have seen new moon 5 times so far, havent taken the cd out of my car (audi coupe) and yes I drive like a Cullen, 212 days till Eclipse. oh and my paper did an article about me and 2 friends over 50 going to the midnight movie.
Today I counted how many times I’ve read the book twilight 21 times was my answer I looked at my door deticated to Taylor Lautner and picked up my sock monkey named Bella and laughed I’m not that obssesed!
I loved the Twilight book world so much I started reading Twi-fic. Now I write it. 
Everytime my husband hugs or kisses me, I can’t help but wonder why he just can’t sparkle dammit!
I’m pregnant and my husband wants to name our baby girl Esmerelda. I used to think it was strange that he wanted a daughter named Esmerelda, but now that I’ve fallen for the Twilight series I’m not going to object because I can call her Esme. 
Today, I went and saw New Moon for the 7th time, while wearing my Cullen crest ring and covering up with my new moon blanket. I began reciting the lines and singing to the music during the movie.
I realized that I defend Bella, Edward, Jacob, all of the Cullens, & the Wolf pack to “Twi-Haters” as if I have known them all my life. I wish
Today, I went to the MuchMusic premiere to go see Rob Pattinson. I waited 15 hours to do so. When I finally saw him, I fainted.
Today am remembering how I flew from Logan Airport [Boston] to Omaha, NE on the 19th to attend the midnight opening w/ my online bestie whom I’d never seen in person before… We just had to see it together after MONTHS of discussion on Yahoo. Saw the novie 3x in 24 hours…
Twilight is not just a story. Twilight is its own world where you can escape in when reality is too dark to dream.
Today, my husband understands my obsession with Edward Cullen since we have seen Twilight countless times and New Moon twice at the theater. He also realized how cute Alice is, so he has his own obsession now. I can’t wait for Eclipse!
Today, sitting at my desk in school, I realise 3 things. First, all my books are black with Twilight-related pictures on them (even if they’re not from TTS). Secondly, all my stationery is New Moon related. And thirdly, I only have music relating to TTS on my iPod.
Today, I came to grips with the fact that after the 4th (if not 5th) twilight saga movie is made, I will undoubtedly need therapy
My daughter run out of clean clothes and had to cook her own dinner because it was very important that I finished reading the twilight saga for the third time, so that I could immediately start reading them again
I love twilight. So does my friend. His room is decorated with absouloutly everything Twilight and New Moon. All my freinds love twilight and so do i so we made a freind club its been going on for 6 years now.
I was on my way to work this morning and it’s raining where I live. I was waiting for thunder but I guess vampires aren’t playing baseball today. : )
I already have my kids names picked out and they all have to deal with Twilight. Except I can’t name my little girl Bella because my sister already claimed that name for her daughter. So i’ve decided to go with Kristen after KStew. : ) I’m hoping my kids sparkle.
Twilight has made me want to study cinematography, photography and even made me consider working as a PA if I can in the movie industry. Not to stalk but to really do it after all the news of how constrained they were in the first movie.
I read twilight and hated it after a few pages. I have never been a relationship and thought this was just cheesy. Then my sister literally forced me to sit down in front of the computer to read an ebook we downloaded of it. I was stuck literally and figuratively after.
I am 25 years old. I started reading twilight, I must admit, after I watched a reelz channel report about it being made into a movie and that it was like Harry Potter. I am a big fan of Kristen and I was also curious about Robert. I was curious because I almost never noticed him in HP…
Today I realized that my iphone is named “Edward+Bella” I have a New Moon’s Edward iPhone skin on it, I have the Twilight Tracker, my wallpaper is the eclipse poster, I have all the twilight saga in e-books and I only have twilight saga pictures in my iphone
I’m 40 years old and I have a sticker saying “I run with vampires”… the worst was that I wanted to have a Volvo C30 like Edward but unfortunately, I couldn’t afford it… still got the sticker though.
Today I realized that my Twilight obsession is actually affecting my five year old son. I convinced him that he wanted to see New Moon with me so I could see it for the second time, and on the way home we had an argument over whether he wanted to be a vampire or a werewolf…
Today I saw a volvo and I wished it was Edward inside, so I went over and looked in the car… I was very disapointed when I saw someone else watching me like “she-must-be-crazy”
Today I discovered that no matter where you look in my room, you come face to face with Edward Cullen. I’m not even an Edward fan anymore. Perhaps I should find some Jasper photos…
Today I went to Burger King and got the six shot burgers just so I could get the New Moon box and coupons, I also upgraded my drink to large to get the special New Moon cup.
I went to the midnight premiere of new moon, skipped school to see it another 2 times, later on that day.
Today I decided to name my puppy Mr. Edward. He is bronze. I think I’m in love :)
Ever since my friends got me into the twilight saga we have been role playing whenever we see each other. I even changed my mum and dad’s contact to Esme and Carlisle and I changed my friends to the Cullen that we role play. I’m glad that I’m not that obsessed :)
My desk is covered in Twilight memorabilia, my computer background is a rotation of stills from Twilight & New Moon, and there is a stuffed lion and lamb sitting on my printer. I am an adult and I am addicted to Twilight.
Today in school we got a pamphlet of things to do on the school holidays. I opened it to see “Twilight Abseil” I immediately got excited after reading “Twilight” then quickly got disappointed after reading the second word.
Today while my mum was driving me to school we pulled up at the roundabout & there was a white 4WD in front of us & it had a sticker on the back windsheild saying ‘I drive like a Cullen’. I told my mum that even though I didn’t know who they were, they were awesome because they like twilight :)
Out of the 575 songs that i have on itunes, the only songs I have listened to in the last month are those on the new moon soundtrack.
Today I realized my sisters name is Bella and our family friends son is Edward my life just got so much better.
Today was my 16th birthday I went to see New Moon for the 5th time and I took my Edward and Bella doll my friend got me. They both had a seat of their own. I thought it was perfectly reasonable.
Today I woke up, and I saw Edward and Bella in front of my bed… A really huge poster of them =P nice gift from parents ;)
Today I realized I haven’t taken out my Twilight Soundtrack for 6+ months.
Everytime I look at my initials EAM, I think of how lucky I am to have the same exact ones as Edward Anthony Masen.
Today I was asked how long i’ve been 17. I replied “a while”. It excited me much more than it should have, since my birthday was 3 weeks ago. I can do this for a year.
Today is my birthday and I am really wishing i can close my eyes and wake up to a cullen-style birthday party with the whole paper cut thing………the sad part is i’m turning 20.
Today i was watching new moon for the 6th time. I am almost certain my life revolves around this saga.
Today, at dinner we were talking about a family member who had recently passed. His name was Edward. While everyone was crying and talking about him, I was sitting there smiling thinking about Edward Cullen
Today i’ve doing Twilight research allll day. It’s 12:36 am and still researching and gathering pictures! Hopefully I dream of Edward and wake up thinking of him. Ahhhh.
Any time I’m reading or something, any word that ends in -ight, I automatically think of Twilight.
Today, I was talking about Twilight at dinner and my mother, grandma, and father all jumped into the conversation like they knew exactly what I was talking about. They did. Not because they have seen the movies or read the books. But because I talk about it THAT much.
Today I stared at a picture of Taylor and figured out that I actually feel bad for Jacob in NM. There goes 3 years of despising Jacob down the drain.
Today, my best friend and I changed our blackberry messenger contact names to “Bella Swan” and “Edward Cullen”. We have been “roll playing” the entire day. 
Any situation I am in, I always try to find a song from twilight that would fit that situation. Me writing a poem; “Claire de lune” Ditching school to meet my bf; “Meet Me at the Equinox”
Today, I realized that role playing as a Cullen was fun and that I was addicted to it. 
Today, I caught myself wondering what it would be like to hang out in a house full of vampires. 
Today, my mom was opening her mail and I heard her say “Ouch, a paper cut…” I quickly turned around with my eyes wide and yelled “WHERES JASPER?!” She told me to leave.
Today, I went to see New Moon. Someone had brought an Edward cutout with them. While waiting in line, I noticed him among other’s waiting to go in to the theater and for a split second I freaked out thinking he was real. 
Eveyday when it’s cold to everybody else, I feel like it’s burning hot and think automatically I’m a wolf and that at any moment if someone gets me mad, BAM I’ll transform, it’s either that or all my friends are vampires
Today me and my boyfriend went running. I pictured the scene in Breaking Dawn when they go on their first hunt together and are running through the forest.
Today I realized just how little sleep I actually get. It’s making me begin to believe I’m slowly turning into a vampire…or maybe doing too much and becoming a werewolf?
My cousin named her daughter ALICE, I have never been happier.
Today I went to go see NEW MOON, when Edward took of his shirt the only thing I noticed was that his right nipple seemed bigger than his left nipple.
Today I helped this old lady out to her car. I noticed it was a Volvo. While the lady was telling me about all of it’s features, all I could think was EdwardCullenEdwardCullenEdwardCullenEdwardCullenEdwardCullenEdwardCullenEdwardCullen. 
Today I asked my boyfriend if he would hold ice to his lips for a minute before he kissed me, so I could pretend I was kissing Edward.
Today I woke up from a nap on my girlfriends couch only to realize that she had covered me in Twilight body glitter while I was asleep.
Today, I saw a Volvo S60 R and totally had a fangirl moment! 
Today I went to borders to buy the softcover edition of New Moon with the movie cover. I now own 5 copies of New Moon.